docs(core): add root-level example to top-level run tasks docs page (#17705)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/core-features/run-tasks.md

Learn more about the affected command [here](/concepts/affected).

## Run Root-Level Tasks

> Sometimes you have tasks that apply to the entire codebase rather than to a single project. But you still want those to go through the "Nx pipeline" to benefit from caching. You can define these in the root-level `package.json` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you have tasks that apply to the entire codebase rather than to a single project. But you still want those tasks to go through the "Nx pipeline" in order to benefit from caching. You can define these in the root-level `package.json` as follows:
```

```json {% fileName="package.json" %}
{
  "name": "myorg",
  "scripts": {
    "docs": "node ./generateDocsSite.js"
  },
  "nx": {}
}
```

> Note the `nx: {}` property on the `package.json`. This is necessary to inform Nx about this root-level project. The property can also be expanded to specify cache inputs and outputs.

To invoke it, use:

```shell
npx nx docs
```

> If you rather want to keep using npm (or pnpm/yarn) to run the script, such as `npm run docs` you can use the [nx exec](/packages/nx/documents/exec) command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want Nx to cache the task, but prefer to use npm (or pnpm/yarn) to run the script (i.e. `npm run docs`) you can use the [nx exec](/packages/nx/documents/exec) command:
```
